# An intake rate experiment

Animals, plants, bacteria are made up of the same fundamental units, atoms: carbon (C), nitrogen (N), phosphorus (P) and others (potassium K, magnesium Mg, calcium That etc.). These elements pass through organisms and the environment of agro-ecosystems in complex ways. The productivity of plants depends on both the presence of these nutrients in the soils and the herbivory to which they are subjected. However, these two processes are not independent since herbivores consume part of the plant and then release these nutrients which stimulate growth in the droppings (Kagata 2012a).


In this way, part of the nutrients taken from the plant by the herbivore return to the soil. This proportion varies depending on the nutrient, herbivore, and host plant, especially in Lepidoptera (Kagata 2012b). Numerous studies have already shown that the quality of the food resource (its chemical composition) influences the quality of excreta. But few studies have looked at the impact of the amount of food ingested on nutrient digestibility and growth efficiency (but see Ali et al. 2021, Windell 1978, Clauss 2013) and none to our knowledge. in insects. Understanding the link between the biomass ingested, the part of nutrients integrated into the larva and the part that is released in the faeces would allow us to better understand the impact of herbivory on plant productivity. On the other hand, insect droppings from farms for the food industry are gradually becoming serious avenues for organic fertilizers, the chemical composition of which must be able to be predicted (Poveda et al. 2021).